<<< Home Page - http://gadgetgrave.com/ >>>

 	title iPhone & iPad Repair, Computer & Tablet Repair, Screen Replacement - Gadgetgrave.com
  
    meta(name='description', content='Gadget Grave is centrally located in Fort Smith Arkansas, provides electronic device repair. We specialize in iPhone and iPad repair at very attractive prices. Get reliable screen replacement, computer & tablet repair service here!')
  
    meta(name='keywords', content='iphone & ipod repair service, iphone 4 repair, Screen Replacement, Droid Repair,Android Repair, Tablet Repair,Laptop Screen Replacement, iphone 4 replacement glass, iphone repair kit')


Professional Gadget Repair

Gadgets We Repair

Common Repairs

LCD Repair
Touch Screens
Battery Replacement
Button Issues
Camera Issues
Virus Removal
Upgrades / Optimization

Replace Your Gadgets

Are you looking to replace your old phone? We have many great replacement phones in stock and they are backed by a 90 day warranty. There is an extensive testing process that goes into each phone we sell. We sell both online and in the store. We carry many different devices from flip phones to smartphones.

Our Awesome Gadgets

Is your Cell Phone Broken?

We have all of the most common repair parts in stock and it usually only take a couple of hours to finish the repair. This makes it easier to avoid a lot of those “2-4 business days” situations just to fix the broken glass on your mobile phone.

Fort Smith:
GadgetGrave
4900 Rogers Avenue Suite 103i
Fort Smith, AR 72903
(479) 431-6091

Fayetteville:
240 East Joyce Blvd. Ste. 1
Fayetteville, AR 72703
(479) 431-6091

<<< Replacement Page - http://gadgetgrave.com/replacement-phones/ >>> 

 	title Replacement Phones - Gadget Grave has a HUGE Selection of Phones
  
    meta(name='description', content='Gadget Grave has a wide selection of replacement phones. You can upgrade your phone for a fair price and every phone is backed by a 90 day warranty. We keep over 100 devices in stock and offer trade value for most used phones.')
  
    meta(name='keywords', content='Replacement Phones, Used Replacement Phone, At&t replacement phones, Straight Talk replacement phones, Verizon replacement phones, Page Plus replacement phones, Samsung, LG, Apple, and more')

Get a Replacement Phone Today!

Are you looking to replace your old phone? We have many great replacement phones in stock and they are backed by a 90 day warranty. There is an extensive testing process that goes into each phone we sell. We sell both online and in the store. We carry many different devices from flip phones to smartphones.

If you are just tired of your device, bring it to Gadget Grave and Sell your device. We buy broken gadgets (if they still have value), and always try to give a higher trade value than cash value. This helps ensure you get the best deal possible on a used replacement phone.

Check Out Our Used Replacement Phones By :

Apple iPhones
Samsung Android Devices
HTC Smartphones
Nokia Smartphones
Many More!!
We have Replacement Phones for the Major Carriers:

AT&T Replacement Phones
Verizon Replacement Phones
Straight Talk Replacement Phones
Page Plus Replacement Phones
Many More!!

Gadget Grave Buys Used Phones

For more information on our device purchasing program, check out the purchasing page!

If you have any questions, please feel free to give us a call at (479) 431-6091. Never overspend on another phone when the ‘other’ guys offer no warranty. We have a habit of exceeding expectations. Buy from Fort Smith’s most trusted phone replacement company!

<<< Contact Page - http://gadgetgrave.com/contact-us/ >>> 

 	title Contact Us - Broken Cell Phone Screen Replacement | Cell Phone Repair
  
    meta(name='description', content='Gadget Grave Cell Phone Repair Shop - Find the best quality and reasonable cell phone screen replacement for all types of phones iPhone, LG, Samsung. Contact Us')
  
    meta(name='keywords', content='cell phone screen replacement, broken cell phone, cell phone repair shop, cell phone repair')

Call Us For Free

Monday-Saturday 10am-6pm

1 (479) 431-6091

Gadget Grave is a small, employee owned and operated, company with big ideas. We are a tight knit environmentally conscious group who think we can make a small difference in the world. For example did you know that cellphones and gadgets can leach toxic chemicals into the ground like arsenic, lead, cadmium, and beryllium? Did you know that for every tossed battery pack, several thousand gallons of water are polluted? Cellphones and gadgets have become a way of life for us, we love them! Throughout 97% of our life we have a gadget or some kind of electronic device less than 5 feet away from our body. The sad part is that our loved devices won’t last forever, sometimes they succumb to accidents, and sometimes to years of normal wear-and-tear. When these things happen, we can do a few things to help the environment: 1. Give them new life by repairing them. 2. Give them a proper burial by responsible recycling. 3. Fix them up and donate them to a charity organization. Contact Us Today!

Directions to Gadget Grave Fort Smith

Coming from Oklahoma

(I 40 East)

Take the Roland Exit heading East towards Fort Smith
Drive 21.2 miles making sure to merge from Garrison Avenue onto Rogers Avenue
We are located in the Quarry Shopping Center across the from Central Mall
Coming From I 40 West

(Fayetteville, Little Rock, etc)

Heading west on I 40, merge onto I-540 S via the ramp to Fort Smith
Drive 5.9 miles and take exit 8A to merge onto AR-22 W/Rogers Ave.
Drive 1 mile and we are located in the Quarry Shopping Center across the from Central Mall
 

 

Directions to Gadget Grave Fayetteville

Coming from Fort Smith

(I 49 North)

Take 71 Business district toward NWA mall
Merge onto college avenue / 71 North / Fulbright Expy
Turn left onto Joyce Blvd, we are located behind Taco Bueno and Arby’s
Coming from Springdale

(I71 South)

Take S Thompson St. south into Fayetteville
S Thompson becomes Fulbright Expy / 71 South
Turn right onto Joyce Blvd, we are located behind Taco Bueno and Arby’s
Store hours are Monday – Saturday 10:00 a.m. – 6:00 p.m.

 

Address:

Fort Smith:
GadgetGrave
4900 Rogers Avenue Suite 103i
Fort Smith, AR 72903
(479) 431-6091

Fayetteville:
240 East Joyce Blvd. Ste. 1
Fayetteville, AR 72703
(479) 431-6091

Find us on the Web:

info@gadgetgrave.com
www.facebook.com/gadgetgrave
www.twitter.com/gadgetgrave


<<< Repairs Page - http://gadgetgrave.com/repairs/ >>> 

 	title Computer and Tablet Repair | iPhone and iPad Repair | Wii Repair Service	
  
    meta(name='description', content='If you are looking for cost effective iPhone & iPad repair service, then Gadget Grave is the place for you. We provide high quality electronics repairs including computer repair, tablet repair, wii repair service to residents in Arkansas')
  
    meta(name='keywords', content='iphone repair, i touch repair, iphone 4 repair, iphone repair service, playstation 3 repair, wii repair service,xbox repair,Laptop Screen Replacement')


iPod Touch Repair  iPad Repair   Camera Repair   Computer Repair   Console Repair

Gadget Grave is the solution to your broken gadgets!  We repair cell phones, computers, laptops, xbox, playstation, and many more devices. Broken screens on cell phones, broken lcd on your laptop, cracked glass on your iPad, computer virus, computer pop-ups, and more.  We are very passionate about fixing the newest Gadgets.  Our technicians get excited to take a part a new device.  We are able to get parts for most devices within 1-2 business days if we do not have them in stock.  It is our top priority to ensure you are satisfied when you leave our store.

Bring your broken electronics to Gadget Grave to get repaired.  If we can’t fix it, we have replacement devices as well.  We keep tablets, computers, cell phones, and many different accessories in stock.  We are located in the heart of Fort Smith.  Click here for directions

Dont trust a random stranger with your device.  Read reviews on Google to see what people say about Gadget Grave.  We strive to repair most devices the same day they are brought into our facitlity, but occasionally this is not possible.  We have quality suppliers located in the United States that supply 95% of our parts.  Give us a shot.  You will be satisfied, we guarantee that!

Ok, we understand, most electronics fail within the first few years.  Luckily, we are here to fix them.  Give us a call today at 479.431.6091 to get a quote. Gadget Grave repairs many different devices.  With 7 dedicated technicians with 10 different work stations, we are able to work on almost any electronic device! Call us today to request a quote, or try our Mail-In-Repair!


<<< iPhone Repair Page - http://gadgetgrave.com/iphone-repair/ >>> 

 	title iPhone Repairs, Digitizer Replacement, Screen and Glass Replacement
  
    meta(name='description', content='Best iPhone repairs in Fort Smith Arkansas! Gadget Grave provides cost effective screen and glass replacement services with high quality parts and precision.')
  
    meta(name='keywords', content='iphone repairs, iphone glass replacement kit, iphone lcd replacement, iphone logic board replacement, iphone back replacement, iphone digitizer replacement.')


Fort Smith Arkansas iPhone Repair

Most repairs take less than 1 hour.  We repair all major brand cell phones, gadgets, digital cameras, etc. We are Fort Smith iPhone Specialists!

WE REPAIR:

Glass/Digitizer Replacement
LCD replacement
Charge Port Issues
Speaker Issues
Buttons Not Working
Liquid Damage Repair
Battery Replacement
Jailbreak & Unlock
And more
Call us today (479) 431-6091

The Apple iPhone can be a very costly device! With many sites charging over $800 for a brand new phone, it is much more cost effective to get your iPhone 3g, iPhone 3gS, iPhone 4, iPhone 4S, and iPhone 5 repaired.  Most repairs take less than 30 minutes and are diagnosed by Certified electronic technicians in a professional time-oriented manner.

Don’t live in Fort Smith?  Our customers come from far and wide.  Gadget Grave does iPhone repairs for Fayetteville Arkansas, Van Buren Arkansas, Alma Arkansas, Springdale Arkansas, Bentonville arkansas, Sallisaw Oklahoma, Poteau Oklahoma, and more! Try our Mail-In-Repair today!

Let Gadget Grave save you money! Most iPhone repairs cost much less than $100 and can be fixed the same day. We stock parts for the iphone, blackberry, android phones, lg xenon, samsung phones, motorola smart phones, and much more!


<<< iPad Repair Page - http://gadgetgrave.com/ipad-repair/ >>> 

 	title iPad Repair, iPad Screen Replacement, iPad Repair Service Gadgetgrave.com
  
    meta(name='Gadget Grave Repairs All Models of iPads! If you need iPad Screen Replacement or other iPad repairs contact us. We are quick, thorough and reasonably priced.')
  
    meta(name='ipad repair, ipad screen replacement, ipad lcd replacement, ipad repair service, ipad repair cost')


Fort Smith Arkansas Apple iPad Repair

iPad repair service – Fast Reliable and Same Day

Your iPad is a beautiful piece of technology. It can do just about anything: connect you to friends and family, keep you entertained with games and movies, and more. And when your iPad needs repair, you want it fixed – and quickly. Gadget Grave is qualified to repair iPads when the screen breaks, LCD cracks, has charging issues, and more!  If you have a broken glass, broken LCD, or the iPad won’t power up, bring it to the professionals!

We keep most of these parts in stock and are able to repair most iPads the same day they are dropped off! Some of the most common repairs we see are the Broken Lens and Broken Screen. We have both white and black glass in stock to get you fixed up! We work on all models of the iPad including the iPad Air and iPad mini.

With the iPad becoming the most popular mobile tablet offered to date and the new models such as the Air and Mini being released in 2013, their popularity will only continue to grow. With this increase in popularity and dependence on popular tablets, the need for effective and affordable repair techniques continues to grow. Like the iPhone, the iPad has a touchscreen display made of glass that covers a colorful LCD display. These glass displays are fragile and can be broken fairly easily through either impact or pressure. Gadget Grave iPad repair services cover a wide array of possible problems that your device may have. The displays are not the only repairs that our technicians perform.  We also see hardware problems such as wifi antennas, buttons not pushing, not taking a charge and headphone jacks. Our Pros can perform iPad repair on all models and typically have replacement parts available to replace any components that may be malfunctioning.

The iPad, much like the iPod Touch, has a touchscreen that fits perfectly into the aluminum housing. The housing of often time damaged when you drop your device. We have to reshape the housing as best as possible. Like all metal, once it is bent, it is near impossible to bend it back perfectly. If the housing is not able to be bent back perfectly, then the glass will not sit in the frame correctly and is much more likely to break.

By using the highest quality replacement parts available, Gadget Grave promises to give you the best iPad repair possible. We stock parts for almost every iPad as well as the iPad Mini. Because we have the parts, most iPad repairs are done the same day. If we have to order the parts, we can still usually have it repaired in 2-3 business days.

We look forward to repairing your iPads. Swing by our store located at 4900 Rogers Avenue Suite 103i Fort Smith AR 72903. Have a great day!

Contact us today for iPad repairs at (479) 431-6091


<<< Replacement Phone Page - http://gadgetgrave.com/replacement-phones/ >>> 

    title Replacement Phones - Gadget Grave has a HUGE Selection of Phones
  
    meta(name='Gadget Grave has a wide selection of replacement phones. You can upgrade your phone for a fair price and every phone is backed by a 90 day warranty. We keep over 100 devices in stock and offer trade value for most used phones. ')
  
    meta(name='Replacement Phones, Used Replacement Phone, At&t replacement phones, Straight Talk replacement phones, Verizon replacement phones, Page Plus replacement phones, Samsung, LG, Apple, and more')


    Get a Replacement Phone Today!

Are you looking to replace your old phone? We have many great replacement phones in stock and they are backed by a 90 day warranty. There is an extensive testing process that goes into each phone we sell. We sell both online and in the store. We carry many different devices from flip phones to smartphones.

If you are just tired of your device, bring it to Gadget Grave and Sell your device. We buy broken gadgets (if they still have value), and always try to give a higher trade value than cash value. This helps ensure you get the best deal possible on a used replacement phone.

apple-iphone-5-gadget-grave-replacement-phone
Check Out Our Used Replacement Phones By :

Apple iPhones
Samsung Android Devices
HTC Smartphones
Nokia Smartphones
Many More!!
We have Replacement Phones for the Major Carriers:

AT&T Replacement Phones
Verizon Replacement Phones
Straight Talk Replacement Phones
Page Plus Replacement Phones
Many More!!
Gadget Grave Buys Used Phones

For more information on our device purchasing program, check out the purchasing page!

If you have any questions, please feel free to give us a call at (479) 431-6091. Never overspend on another phone when the ‘other’ guys offer no warranty. We have a habit of exceeding expectations. Buy from Fort Smith’s most trusted phone replacement company!



<<< Corporate Repair Page - http://gadgetgrave.com/corporate-repairs/ >>> 

    title Corporate Repairs - Smartphones and Computers
  
    meta(name='Gadget Grave offers Corporate Repairs to Small & Large Business.  With as few as 10 corporate clients, we can get you setup in a few minutes.  No contracts, no hassle, and quick turn around time')
  
    meta(name='iPhone repair, Computer repair, Laptop repair, On site repair, Fleet Repair')


    Gadget Grave offers on-site repair services as well as pick-up and drop-off services as well.  We offer corporate incentives for clients that begin using us for their repair needs.  This includes 15% off on all repairs.  We offer on-site computer repairs to help you when your system crashes and your business stops.  We are generally able to have a technician there within 1 hour.  Our billing rate depends on the type of repair we are doing. Please contact us for any specific questions regarding our corporate repair services.

Currently, we have over 125 corporate clients that we monitor their networks, repair their phones, do on-site computer repairs, and offer custom build solutions. We work closely with each client to ensure they are made a priority and are repaired quickly. Let us handle the headache and you concentrate on what you do best… run your business.

The terms are net 30.  This allows you to send in your employee’s broken phone, have it repaired by us, then have an invoice sent over to your company.  We email our invoices to the company email address on file and allow online payments and/or checks.  Here is a Sample Invoice:

Gadget Grave Invoice

To sign up for a corporate account, contact us now. Or you can feel free to Call us today! 479 431-6091.  Click here to view some of the corporate incentives and services we offer. We really do not have any stipulations for being a corporate client other than having a business license and more than 3 devices that will need servicing.  This is a great solution to getting discounts on repairs and being made a priority.

All Gadget Grave repairs come with a 90 day hassle-free warranty.  Let us get you set up today with a Corporate account and help save you money.

((((( There is a form on the page that has these fileds )))))

Organization Name (required)


Business Number (required)


Your Email (required)


Your Name (required)


Contact Number (required)


Address (required)


City (required)


State (required)


Zip Code (required)


Number of Devices (required)

<<< Warranty Information Page - http://gadgetgrave.com/warranty-information/ >>> 

    title Warranty Information - Gadget Grave
  
    meta(name='Gadget Grave provides a limited 90 day repair warranty with exceptional service and friendly staff. ')
  
    meta(name='Cell phone warranty, tablet warranty, how to warranty your phone')

Purchases from Gadget Grave are automatically subject to the following terms of service.  Gadget Grave accepts no returns on opened or used accessories.  Refunds require managerial approval.  RETURNS PAST 7 DAYS WILL BE ISSUED AS STORE CREDIT ONLY.  Repair costs may vary. We will honor a 90-day warranty on all device purchases, repairs and workmanship. This warranty excludes software problems, devices with any signs of liquid damage, main circuit board (motherboard) issues, or owner neglect (including drops, breaks, cracks, part removal, abuse, element exposure, etc.) Once the waiver is signed, the customer agrees that the device, if abandoned (left for more than 30 days), becomes property of Gadget Grave. Repairs with break and heat risks can be detrimental to the functionality of the device. These services are evaluated as separate repairs due to risks associated. All service fees collected prior to repairs are non-refundable. We require passwords for testing purposes only. In accordance with the Privacy Act of 1974, we do not divulge, save, or examine any personal information. Any device that we can not test WILL NOT be eligible for a repair warranty. We appreciate your business and hope to find the solution that fits! As policy, we DO NOT accept personal checks as payment. Feel free to call the store for more information.

Liquid Damage

This warranty does not apply to devices that have been exposed to liquid in any form.  Electronic devices which have been exposed to liquid and have had their condition compromised are known to be unpredictable before and after any repairs are made on the device.

Gadget Grave’s “Liquid Damage Cleaning” service is a non-warrantied procedure implemented to stop corrosion on devices and attempt to restore full functionality to the device and extend the life of the device.  Depending on the level of liquid exposure the device has experienced, our sales technicians may offer and explain this service in addition to the price of repairs that may be needed after the device has had this service performed.

Repair of computers and consoles

Unless otherwise noted, gaming consoles and computers that have been repaired “solder reflow” process are covered by specific warranty policies. Any successful repair of a computer or a console that has been done to solve “red ring of death”, “yellow light of death”, overheating or any other relevant matter is covered by a limited warranty for the lifetime of the device. Under this warranty, the devices covered can be repaired up to three (3) times during the lifetime of the device. Each instance will be documented with a new work order. This warranty does not cover internal or external liquid damage or end-user damage (broken housing, components, ports, etc. not caused by Gadget Grave).

We will attempt to keep your data whenever possible however in some circumstances it is not possible. Gadget Grave will not be held liable for any loss of data.  With phones, tablets, consoles, computers, et. al., sometimes, the only way to repair the issue is to remove said data.  We apologize for any inconvenience this causes and do our best to inform the customer prior to any data removal.

Purchased Devices

Unless otherwise noted, any device sold by Gadget Grave automatically comes with a warranty starting 90 days from the original date of purchase. This is a guarantee that the device will operate correctly according to its individual specifications. This warranty does not cover physical damage (cracks, chips, scratches, bumps, etc), liquid exposure of any kind, nor the end user error or software problems created. Gadget Grave will not cover user abuse under the warranty.

Return Policy

Within 24 hours : All purchases, unless otherwise noted, may be returned for a full refund within 24 hours of the original purchase date. Items must be returned in the same physical aesthetic condition, in good condition, in the intact packaging, free from liquid exposure and in the case of mobile devices – not active on any service account, and not locked with a passcode.  In the case of accessories,  the purchase will be refunded in the same form of payment used to purchase the device . Managerial approval is required.

Within 7 days : All purchases, unless otherwise indicated, may be returned for a full refund as store credit or 85 % of the purchase price. Reimbursements are made in the same form of payment used to purchase the device or accessory. Managerial approval is required.

* New Items: Any device that is sold as “NEW” is covered by the same return policies and warranties as other device sales but will include a restocking fee of 20% (applicable after the return period of 24 hours). This rate is applied automatically and is collected in addition to any other applicable fees acquired upon the purchase of the device.

**Any item labeled and sold as “NEW ” is any item which is still in a sealed package, or has the original plastic stickers on the device that have never been removed. These items can not be returned to our suppliers and can not be sold as “New” after they have been opened.

Outside of the return policy: If the purchase does not fit into any of these policies, either due to time elapsed from the original purchase, damage to a device, or any other reason not covered by the in-store warranty, the store is not required to make any refund or exchange if the device is evaluated in any condition other than the way it was purchased. It is in these cases where the client will be offered a value equal to the “Fair Wholesale Market Vale”  This value can be determined by visiting www.buymyphone.com or another similar site. All returns, exchanges and purchases of devices are at the discretion of the Buying Manager.

<<< Smartphone Repair Page - http://gadgetgrave.com/repairs/smartphone-repair/ >>> 

    title Smartphone Repairs - Cell Phone Repairs - Gadget Grave
  
    meta(name='Gadget Grave is a leading smartphone repair center. We provide low cost, high quality phone repairs for all types of mobile phones.')
  
    meta(name='smartphone repair, cell phone repair, mobile phone repair, samsung screen replacement, lg screen replacement,')

    Smartphone Repairs
We’re the Smartphone Repair Specialists!
Is your Cell Phone Broken and Needing Repairs?

The Fort Smith, Arkansas area now has a store that can accommodate all of your smart phone repair needs! We have full time cell phone technicians on staff and repair more than 30 devices a day, with busy days up to 60. Our certified technicians handle smartphone repairs daily and repair Apple iPhones, Samsung Galaxy Phones, HTC Phones, and we are able to get parts for almost all major brands. We have 1000’s of cell phone parts in stock and can repair 90% of issues the same day. We can Replace Screens on almost any device that parts are available.

charge-port-repair-smart-phone-gadget-grave

Are you unsure if it is cheaper to get a phone repaired than it is get a replacement? While some of the newer devices’ replacement glass is very expensive, most of the other repairs that are available generally cost under $80. Some of the most common repairs we see are Charge Port Replacements.

Our sales associates are trained to identify issues with your device when you bring it in for repair. Diagnosing issues with your electronics can sometimes run deeper than just a broken screen repair or a dead battery replacement. Our staff works hard to try and find a solution to all of your tech problems! We try our best to offer a price quote prior to the repair and if we find that anything changes, we will contact you before moving forward. This means you are in control of what you spend.

We have a price list on hand to be able to give repair quotes over the phone. Our technicians are always on hand if you need to call and get an idea of the cost to fix your broken phone. If we do not have the part in stock, we have several suppliers ready to send parts overnight. The parts generally arrive before noon. This means that the device will be repaired within 24 hours of it being dropped off. We strive to have the quickest turnaround times of any repair facility in our region.

galaxy-lcd-digi-repair-gadget-grave-fort-smith

We have all of the most common repair parts in stock and it usually only take a couple of hours to finish the repair. This makes it easier to avoid a lot of those “2-4 business days” situations just to fix the broken glass on your mobile phone.

All phone repairs come with our hassle-free 90 day warranty. Because our warranty covers part defects, if the part should stop functioning properly, we will repair it again at no additional cost (this excludes user abuse and user damage).

At Gadget Grave, we understand the importance of having your cell phone. To most of us, the cell phone is just as important as your wallet or car keys. During the repair, our automated Customer Relations Management Software has the ability to email, text, and call you throughout the repair to keep you updated.

Visit us at our Fort Smith location or check out our Mail In Repair program for your device! If you have any questions about repairs you can contact us at Call us today! 479 431-6091!


<<< iPod Touch Repair Page - http://gadgetgrave.com/repairs/ipod-touch-repair/ >>> 

    title iPod Touch Repair, iPod Screen Replacement, iPod Touch Cases - Gadgetgrave.com
  
    meta(name='Gadget Grave is your full service iPod touch repair Center. We repair iPod Touch Screens, buttons, and more. Get iPod screen replacements and other parts for almost any iPod touch repair and can get it fixed same day.')
  
    meta(name='ipod touch broken glass, ipod touch digitizer replacement, ipod touch backlight repair, i touch 4th generation, ipod touch glass screen replacement')

    iPod Touch Repair
Screen and Software repairs
Fort Smith Arkansas Apple iPod Touch Repair

ipod touch repair lcd replacement glass digitizer replacement jail break battery replacement charge port repair

 

We are Fort Smith Arkansas Apple specialists!

Most repairs take less than 1 hour.  We repair all major brand cell phones, gadgets, digital cameras, etc.

We Repair:

Glass/Digitizer Replacement
LCD replacement
Jailbreak
Battery Replacement
And more
Call us today for a quick quote (479) 431 – 6091 

The Apple iTouch is an amazing device (when it is working). If you break your iPod Touch, the cost of replacing the device is almost always 3-4 times more expensive than getting it fixed.  Many stores charge over $300 for a new iTouch.  Why not get yours repaired today? We stock parts for the Apple iTouch 2nd generation, 3rd generation, and 4th generation. Most repairs take less than 30 minutes and are diagnosed by Certified electronic technicians in a professional time-oriented manner. Note: Liquid damage iPod Touch usually do not have a good prognosis.  While we will be happy to look at it, please be aware that they are usually not repairable.

Let Gadget Grave save you money! Most Apple Touch repairs cost much less than $100 and can be fixed the same day. We stock parts for the itouch, iphone, blackberry, android phones, lg xenon, samsung phones, motorola smart phones, and much more! Don’t live in Fort Smith Arkansas? Check out our Mail-In-Repair!


<<< iPad Repair Page - http://gadgetgrave.com/repairs/ipad-repair/ >>> 

    title iPad Repair, iPad Screen Replacement, iPad Repair Service, iPad Wont Charge Gadgetgrave.com
  
    meta(name='Gadget Grave Repairs All Models of iPads! If you need iPad Screen Replacement or other iPad repairs contact us. We keep parts in stock and our staff is trained on all models of iPad.')
  
    meta(name='ipad repair, ipad screen replacement, ipad lcd replacement, ipad repair service, ipad repair cost, ipad for sale, ipad wont charge, ipad will not turn on')



iPad Repair
We are Fort Smith, Arkansas’ iPad specialists!
ipad-repair

Fort Smith Arkansas Apple iPad Repair

iPad repair service – Fast Reliable and Same Day

Your iPad is a beautiful piece of technology. It can do just about anything: connect you to friends and family, keep you entertained with games and movies, and more. And when your iPad needs repair, you want it fixed – and quickly. Gadget Grave is qualified to repair iPads when the screen breaks, LCD cracks, has charging issues, and more!  If you have a broken glass, broken LCD, or the iPad won’t power up, bring it to the professionals!

We keep most of these parts in stock and are able to repair most iPads the same day they are dropped off! Some of the most common repairs we see are the Broken Lens and Broken Screen. We have both white and black glass in stock to get you fixed up! We work on all models of the iPad including the iPad Air and iPad mini.

With the iPad becoming the most popular mobile tablet offered to date and the new models such as the Air and Mini being released in 2013, their popularity will only continue to grow. With this increase in popularity and dependence on popular tablets, the need for effective and affordable repair techniques continues to grow. Like the iPhone, the iPad has a touchscreen display made of glass that covers a colorful LCD display. These glass displays are fragile and can be broken fairly easily through either impact or pressure. Gadget Grave iPad repair services cover a wide array of possible problems that your device may have. The displays are not the only repairs that our technicians perform.  We also see hardware problems such as wifi antennas, buttons not pushing, not taking a charge and headphone jacks. Our Pros can perform iPad repair on all models and typically have replacement parts available to replace any components that may be malfunctioning.

The iPad, much like the iPod Touch, has a touchscreen that fits perfectly into the aluminum housing. The housing of often time damaged when you drop your device. We have to reshape the housing as best as possible. Like all metal, once it is bent, it is near impossible to bend it back perfectly. If the housing is not able to be bent back perfectly, then the glass will not sit in the frame correctly and is much more likely to break.

By using the highest quality replacement parts available, Gadget Grave promises to give you the best iPad repair possible. We stock parts for almost every iPad as well as the iPad Mini. Because we have the parts, most iPad repairs are done the same day. If we have to order the parts, we can still usually have it repaired in 2-3 business days.

We look forward to repairing your iPads. Swing by our store located at 4900 Rogers Avenue Suite 103i Fort Smith AR 72903. Have a great day!

Contact us today for iPad repairs at (479) 431-6091


<<< Computer Repair Page - http://gadgetgrave.com/repairs/computer-repair/ >>> 

    title Computer Repair, Desktop Repair, Laptop Repair
  
    meta(name='Gadget Grave can fix the problems with your computer. We handle any type of computer repair. Whether desktop or laptop, we can fix your problems. We repair broken screens, bad charge ports, damaged keyboard, broken keys, and more.')
  
    meta(name='Computer Repair, Laptop Repair, Desktop Repair, Laptop LCD Replacement, Charge Port Replacement, Computer Will Not Charge, Keyboard broken, Hinge Broken')

    Computer Repair
Desktop Repair and Laptop Repair. PC and Mac.
computer-repair

Apple
Alienware
Acer
Asus
Compaq
Dell
Gateway
LG
Samsung
Toshiba
Our Computer Repairs Include:

Virus Removal
Software Update
Tune Ups
Ram Upgrades
Hard Drive Upgrades
LCD Replacements
Keyboard Replacements
Diagnostic Evaluation
Battery Replacement
Hard Drive Recovery
Charge Port Replacement
And many more!
Some Brands We Repair:

Apple
Alienware
Acer
Asus
Compaq
Dell
Gateway
LG
Samsung
Toshiba
Call us today for a quick computer repair quote (479) 431-6091

Everyone has a computer these days! So why not repair it instead of spending $600-$1500 for a new one? Our turn around at Gadget Grave is anywhere between 1-3 business days, and we have the best price for computer repair around in Fort Smith Arkansas! We fix anything from desktop to laptop, screen repairs or keyboard. Live somewhere else besides Fort Smith Arkansas? Don’t worry we have you covered with our Mail-In-Repair! Mail us your gadget and will take care of you! We are located at 4900 Rogers Ave. Suite 103i Fort Smith Arkansas 72903.


<<< Mail In Repair Page - http://gadgetgrave.com/mail-in-repair/ >>> 

    title Cell Phone LCD Repair or Replacement - Mail in to Gadget Grave
  
    meta(name='Cell Phone LCD Repair, Screen Repair, or Replacement - Mail in to Gadget Grave')
  
    meta(name='cell phone LCD replacement, cell phone LCD repair, cell phone screen repair, phone LCD screen repair, mail in cell phone repair')

    Gadget Grave Mail In Repair – Cell Phone LCD Repair


Cell Phone Screen Repair or LCD Replacement for Mail In Repair

At Gadget Grave we understand the importance of quality service. We will do our best to keep our turn around time to around 7-10 business days from the date you mail-in your ‘Gadget’. For Questions, please call us at (479) 431-6091 **Please note** We are not responsible for lost/damages that occur during shipping.

Please write down, or type your contact information and a brief description of the problem you are having with your cell phone. INCLUDE that sheet of paper when you mail it.
Should have:

First and Last Name
Number we can reach you at
What type of gadget
Description of the problem we are going to fixing
Once you have written your description, please take your device only (no cables, controllers, etc) to the nearest FedEx or UPS store. Let them box/package your device.
Our Mailing Address is: Gadget Grave 4900 Rogers’ Avenue Suite #103i Fort Smith AR 72903

Once We Receive Your Mail-in Cell Phone Repair

Once it arrives at our Cell Phone Repair Facility, we will call you letting you know it arrived safe and sound. Once we repair the unit, we will call to take credit card payment over the phone. A copy of the receipt will be shipped back with your device. We warranty all repairs for 90 days. Give us a call if you have any questions (479) 431-6091

<<< Xbox Repair Page - http://gadgetgrave.com/xbox-repair/ >>> 

    title Xbox One Repair, RROD, Laser Replacement, Open Tray - Gadgetgrave.com
  
    meta(name='Are you looking for high quality Xbox 360 Repair? Our experts are able to fix open tray, and Xbox laser replacement issues. We have repaired over 1,000 Xbox 360's')
  
    meta(name='xbox laser replacement, xbox not reading disks, xbox drive replacement, xbox wont eject, bad laser on xbox, laser replacement xbox, xbox wont read disks, xbox not playing disks,Open Tray.')


    Xbox Repair



 

Gadget Grave is your source for Fort Smith, Arkansas Xbox repair.  We fix broken xbox 360,

Error 74
Red ring of death
Broken Laser’s
And more!
Dont live in Fort Smith?  Our customers come from far and wide.  Gadget Grave does Xbox 360 repairs for Fayetteville Arkansas, Van Buren Arkasas, Alma Arkansas, Springdale Arkansas, Bentonville arkansas, Sallisaw Oklahoma, Poteau Oklahoma, and More. If you cant drive it to our store, we also have Mail-In-Repair options.

Three flashing red lights around the Xbox 360 power button (nicknamed the “Red Ring of Death” or “Red Lights of Death” or “Red Ring of Doom”), instead of the one to four green lights indicating normal operation, represent an internal problem that requires service. Warning signs may include freeze-ups, graphical problems in the middle of gameplay, such as checkerboard or pinstripe patterns on the screen, and sound errors, and the console only responds to pressing the power button to turn it off. These events may happen once or several times until the hardware failure occurs, or not at all. If the console freezes occasionally, the error will not necessarily follow. The technical problems seem to affect some generations of consoles more than others. e.g. Xbox 360 60GB

This error code is usually caused by failure of one or more hardware components, although it can indicate that the console is not receiving enough power from the power supply, which can either be due to a faulty power supply or if the power supply cable is not fully inserted into the console. The 3 flashing lights can also be caused by power surges; if the console is connected to an outlet that receives a power surge, it may have a failure and the 3 lights will appear as long as the console is plugged into the outlet. Turning off the console, unplugging all power cables and plugging them back in, and restarting the console will fix the issue in this case.

Distinct from the General Hardware Failure is a similar-looking error warning where four red lights appear, in which case the console does not detect an AV cable is plugged in. The four lights can sometimes also be seen when power surges or very brief power outages occur while the console is running, in which the console needs to be unplugged and plugged back in again to reset the error. Two red lights appear when the system is overheated.

On the new Xbox 360 slim, Microsoft has removed the capability to light the rings around the power button red, instead the Open button flashes red to warn you that the system will automatically close to not damage the console. It’s nicknamed the “Red Dot of Doom” or the “Red Dot of Death.”

Let Gadget Grave save you money! Most Xbox repairs cost much less than $100 and can be fixed the same day. We stock parts for the Xbox360, PS3, iphone, blackberry, android phones, lg xenon, samsung phones, motorola smart phones, and much more!

<<< Jobs Page - http://gadgetgrave.com/jobs/ >>> 

    title Jobs - Gadget Grave


    Jobs
Work at Gadget Grave
We are always on the lookout for bright people who are excited about mobile, game or computer technology. If you are customer focused and have a desire to do things just a little better than the day before contact us below.
If you’d like to apply for any position (even if it is not listed):

Prove you can use a computer and send a resume to info@gadgetgrave.com

Be sure to include:  “Resume – title of Position” in the subject line.

 

Do what you love, Love what you do – Join US!

<<< Privacy Policy Page - http://gadgetgrave.com/privacy-policy/ >>> 

    title Privacy Policy - Gadget Grave

    Information about our Organisation and Web site
Modern information and communication technologies play a fundamental role in the activities of an organisation like Gadget Grave . We are based in United States .

Our principal activities are:

Cellular Repair
Cellular Sales
Our privacy policy covers Gadget Grave and its Web sites:

Organisation Name:  Gadget Grave
Address:    4900 Rogers Avenue Suite #103i
City, Zip:  Fort Smith , 72903
State:  AR
Country:    United States
Controller: Cole Thornton
Web Sites(s):   www.GadgetGrave.com
 

Providing Visitors with Anonymous Access
You can access our Web sites home page and browse our sites without disclosing your personal data.

The services and links of our Web sites
Our Web sites do not enable our visitors to communicate with other visitors or to post information to be accessed by others.

Our Web sites do not include links to third party Web service providers.

Automatic Collection of Information
We do not use cookies on our Web sites.

We do not automatically log personal data nor do we link information automatically logged by other means with personal data about specific individuals.

We do not collect any personal data from our visitors when they use our services.

We do not collect information about our visitors from other sources, such as public records or bodies, or private organisations.

To access the table of personal data collected and purposes for which they are used, please click here
 

Privacy Compliance

There are no national laws or self-regulatory schemes applicable to our web site or organisation.

There are no global or regional regulatory or self-regulatory schemes applicable to our web site or organisation.

In order to demonstrate that our privacy policy accords with the above privacy instrument, we are:

voluntarily committed to a Self Assessment procedure
 

 

Self Assessment procedure

Name or designation of the privacy policy person or service Cole Thornton
URL www.gadgetgrave.com
Address 4900 Rogers avenue suite #103i
Country Unite States
Data Collection and Purpose Specification

Privacy Support
If you have an enquiry or concern about our privacy policy, please contact:

Contact 1
Name/designation :  Cole Thornton
Department :    Sales
Address :   4900 Rogers Avenue Suite #103i
Phone Number :  4794316091
Fax Number :    
Email address : cole@gadgetgrave.com
URL :   www.gadgetgrave.com
We do not recommend another means by which visitors’ concerns may be addressed.
